Did you see it?
This is your good dad
Impossible this is impossible
It's all ironclad evidence, what are you still quibbling about?
My father is the plaything of your capitalists
He went in for more than two years in prison for nothing
Who will feel sorry for my dad?
Who will feel sorry for our family?
police wear
I beg you
Please give me a little more time.
I'm going to find my dad myself
I want to listen to him.
Dear confession, I will clean up the truth.
Please!
Good-looking for the sake of you helping me
I'll give you two days.
I will report it with my real name in two days.
Dad?
You are my Uncle Wang who embezzled public funds to be a heroic prostitute
In fact, the person who really embezzled public funds was your father
Why did you do it?
I made fake accounts
To avoid accountability from the board of directors
You can only let him be a scapegoat